>> Nina: If I wanted to track
the number of wheels on my car.
>> Nina: And if you all are working in a
file so that you can follow along with me,
let me show you what I
typed into the Repl.
>> Nina: And cars is the name of my
py file without the py extension,
just so you have that there.
Okay.
>> Nina: If I want to be able to access
these class variables in my,
>> Nina: In my methods,
I can provide something
called a class method.
>> Nina: And those are defined
with decorator like this.
I'm not gonna go into too much detail,
I just wanna show you because you
might see those in other code.
The thing about the class method,
>> Nina: A class method doesn't take self.
Instead, it takes a different
argument called cls, or,
it doesn't really matter what you name it,
but this is kind of the convention.
Now you can access,
>> Nina: Now you can
access these class variables.
>> Nina: Oops, I want to return
the number of wheels variable.
So it's saving that and reloading it.
I can say my Subaru is
a cars.car("subaru").
>> Nina: That's my instance.
>> Nina: I wasn't able to access
the name from just the type.
But now,
because I made this a class method,
I can say cars.Car and
call get_number_of_wheels().
Notice, this is the type,
not the instance.
It's the difference between a class
method and an instance method.
As you're just starting out, you'll
probably be using all instance methods.
Class methods are generally for
special cases.
You can also call these class
methods on an instance,
because,
>> Nina: The instance
knows about the class, but
not kind of the other way around.
So I still can't call .star, right?
So if I try to call cars.Car.start(),
this is expecting an instance,
I don't have one.
And I'm gonna get an error that says
start() is missing 1 required positional
argument of self.
>> Nina: So now you kind of know
what some of these errors mean,
where self is appearing from, kind of
being binded under the hood by Python.